Western Civilizations:
America
- Over There: Billy Murray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlA0PJyl0Eg&ab_channel=ArchStanton

- When  Johnny Comes Marching Home: Patrick Gilmore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLr-SQHFuJ8&ab_channel=DSC

- Yankee Doodle: Old Guard Fife and Drums Corps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIIufQKM2K0&ab_channel=VitorB.Macarthy

- US Marines March: US Marines Band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v54vZ4W8598&ab_channel=JohnnyZero

- Dixie: Tennessee Ernie Ford
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvjOG5gboFU&ab_channel=KameradKosmos


Austria:
- Kaiserhymne: Joseph Hayn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crwVUTjg3Wk&ab_channel=Steirer

- Radetzky Marsch: Johann Strauss Sr.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eab_eFtTKFs&t=74s&ab_channel=TheWickedNorth

- Under The Double Eagle: Josef Wagner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnAzu7YVZCs&ab_channel=NorwegianBaron


Byzantine:
- Byzantium: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zPc47GOH8s&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

- Sons of Constantinople: Tyler Cunningham
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGMX8JFdXVE&ab_channel=TylerCunninghamMusic

- Theodora: Farya Faraji
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0MTDRDEJNA&ab_channel=FaryaFaraji

- Polychronion: Farya Faraji
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9ev4BLxQLk&ab_channel=FaryaFaraji


Celts:
- It's a Long Way to Tipperarry: John McCormack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPLS5nNFWTU&ab_channel=WW1Photos

- Moonlight Dance: Derek Fiechter
https://320ytmp3.com/en22/download?type=ytmp3&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DTLktGOWWgI4%26ab_channel%3DDerekFiechter%2527sMusic

Victorius: Adrian Von Ziegler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=po1Hy4BXLIo&ab_channel=AdrianvonZiegler

- Boudicca: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlYfxV40x4o&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters


Denmark:
Den Tapre Landsoldat - Den Kongelige Livgardes Musikkorps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiLjNj7EuGc&ab_channel=Ingen

Kong Christian X's Honnørmarch: Den Kongelige Livgardes Musikkorps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekpeR-q3UjQ&ab_channel=NorwegianBaron

Berserker - Pawl.D Beats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8c_lsJoF_0&ab_channel=Pawl.DBeats

Viking Village - Brandon Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDWpE7jM0aY&ab_channel=BrandonFiechter%27sMusic

Netherlands:
Merck toch hoe sterck: Christelijk Kamper Mannenkoor "Door Eendracht Verbonden" o.l.v. Klaas Jan Mulder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xl5yRIfNuWQ&ab_channel=Ingen

Geuzenlied: Unknown Author
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWhX9R9pGII&ab_channel=Ingen

Dutch Windmills: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQxITYASgBI&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters


England:
- Rule Brittania: Thomas Arne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1urOM_YftI&ab_channel=PatriciusRittervonKvan%C4%8Dnik

- Submarine Attack: EPICSOUNDTRAX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XzavuxRxTQ&ab_channel=EPICSOUNDTRAX


- We're Gonna Hang Out the Washing on the Siegfried Line: Michael Carr
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgXyVL7KgAY&ab_channel=LucasLacerda

- Over The Hills and Far Away: Thomas D'Urfey's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkjpaxBlKIU&ab_channel=TheMackinawPeaches

- Pack Up Your Troubles in an Old Kit Bag: Edward Hamilton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0wycVPR_nI&t=48s&ab_channel=PonteFractus


France:
Chevalier, Mult Estes Guariz (Instrumental)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIvbiUQGziE&ab_channel=ScribeScore

La Marseille: Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iS1GpuLXCdI&ab_channel=NorwegianBaron

La Victoire est a Nous: La Musique des Armées
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75RUPdkyqp0&ab_channel=rol421

Chant de l'Oignon: Author Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElJJCAuKslQ&ab_channel=Stuntman104

Chant du départ: Étienne Méhul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5OdCqUWRyo&ab_channel=Ingen


Germany:
- Die Wacht Am Rhein: Paradox Interactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNIgGpIXQis&t=66s&ab_channel=Relentless1975

- Wo Alle Straßen Enden: Die alten Kameraden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPNQkhSCa3Y&ab_channel=KarlSternau

- Erika: Niel Herms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihK7K9gO7po&ab_channel=LudwigVolkslieder

- Hohenfrieberger Marsch: Fredrick the Great
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XC_rq1OEB8&ab_channel=Dr.Ludwig

- Die Eisenfaust am Lanzenschaft: The Teuotonic Order
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D2jyuJaSAU&ab_channel=Dr.Ludwig


Greece:
- The Duece Puts on His Uniform: Sofia Manou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPqQP_iHCEs&ab_channel=Ingen

- Θούριος: Unknown Author
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGtCxD2o5Ec&ab_channel=LISRUM

- Thermopylae: Tyler Cunningham
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdKU3AsKxoM&ab_channel=TylerCunninghamMusic

- Athena: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-xEJxmxY_w&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters


Huns:
- Scourge of God (Not Actual Title): Tyler Cunningham
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tnmnt81tTAI&ab_channel=TylerCunninghamMusic

- Zeboi Toҷikiston: Unknown Author
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xrnc1K_JPSg&list=PLy--e85TEF1TUXqCvvuPekkX52ReBI1KV&index=11&ab_channel=TheFolkandAcousticChannel

- Attilla: Creative Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vklulHtlDr0&ab_channel=TotalWarSoundtracks


- Poland:
- Hej Na Wzgórze - Jar 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXyRqaVtB0Y&ab_channel=AnthemTime%27sarchive

- Polska (Not Actual Title) - Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPQn6DLc8B8&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

- Winged Hussars - Ugniavijas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmSZW6f0s_Y&ab_channel=Balticfolk

- Szara piechota: Leon Łuskino
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xMa9BStE-k&ab_channel=Danjori


- Portugal:
Marcha do Soldado Português: Oscar Sales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib38dx6kR4w&t=4s&ab_channel=Gukpa

Naval Battle: Walter Mair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiLGhxAo9sA&ab_channel=BradTurner

Hymno da Carta: Pedro IV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqd7PtV2l8U&ab_channel=NorwegianBaron


Rome: 
- Son of Mars: Farya Faraji
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3q9bCtSLUWI&ab_channel=FaryaFaraji

- Pax Romana: Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJ2oSJE3ddY&ab_channel=DerekFiechter-Topic

- Hadrian's Wall: Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2Sa3OUYTIo&ab_channel=DerekFiechter-Topic

- Mark Antony: Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PD3ItNlpOCA&ab_channel=DerekFiechter-Topic


Russia:
- Russian National Anthem: Alexander, Alexandrov
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzZqdEdZGG8&ab_channel=%D0%91%D0%BE%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%81%D0%A7%D0%B5%D1%80%D0%BA%D0%B0%D1%81%D0%BE%D0%B2

- White Army, Black Baron - Samuel Pokrass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vA-W_MPg9ec&ab_channel=Ingen

- Farewell of Slavianka - Vasily Agapkin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pF62kDtyhqw&ab_channel=IanSkull

- Siberian Riflemen March - Vladimir Gilyarovsky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CBEcuoAd_o&ab_channel=RussianComrade

- The Red Army is the Strongest - Samuel Pokrass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8qlZKZJBMA&ab_channel=Communism


Spain:
- 55 Days at Peking (Spanish Version): Author Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6OuSHPWJ8Y&ab_channel=TheFlagandAnthemGuy

- Himno de los Tercios: Daniel Sanchez de la Hera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWRcoG_sve0&ab_channel=ZakarnokTV

- Marcha Real: Manuel de Espinosa de los Monteros
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqYoTD8Gu08&ab_channel=NorwegianBaron


Sweden:
- Narvan Marssi: Tapani Länsiö
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm1wvVqtZxc&t=0s&ab_channel=HelsinginVaruskuntasoittokunta-Topic

- Björneborgarnas Marsch: Johan Ludvig Runeberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Zx0eDS7w9I&ab_channel=F%C3%A4derneslandet

- Vi går fram, fram, fram: Author Unknown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YFxEQ513Gk&ab_channel=Ingen


Venice
- At The Gates of Constantinople: Andreas Waldetoft / Paradox Interactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-CI2PLKSl4&ab_channel=AndreasWaldetoft-Topic

- Song of the Gondolier: Felix Mendelssohn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsauTv1-F6o&ab_channel=FelixMendelssohn-Topic

- El Ino Nasionale Veneto: Antonio Vivaldi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sJdQmjHdKg&ab_channel=ThaiCom


Asia-Pacific Civilizations:

China:
- Shattered Bamboo: Yoshiro Ike / Koei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jK9eXpTDtYE&list=PLVE__oPh3KAanF-o5wE-veW77pHXqQ4LU&index=9&ab_channel=theExPeriMenTorYoutubechannel

- Dominance: Yoshire Ike / Koei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dewhmy2X22k&list=PLVE__oPh3KAanF-o5wE-veW77pHXqQ4LU&index=11&ab_channel=theExPeriMenTorYoutubechannel

- Summer March: Yoshire Ike / Koei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPF-cAQGMJg&ab_channel=theExPeriMenTorYoutubechannel

- Victory Song: Unknown Author
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81NtiyWlEHs&t=46s&ab_channel=Ingen


Indonesia:
Hari merdeka!: Hussein Muthahar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuV_a8NbVaA&ab_channel=Ingen

Java: Derek & Brandon Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5pvWFStfC8&t=125s&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

Primal Pressure: Jordan Rees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLU3WSRAoKc&ab_channel=JordanReesMusic

Japan:
Battotai: Masakazu Toyama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoC3EU_H2tc&ab_channel=%E5%A4%A2%E3%81%AE%E6%B5%81%E3%82%8C

Japanese Spirit: Andreas Waldetoft / Paradox Interactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JprsLXO0V04&ab_channel=TheSixAtoms

Shogun: Derek & Brandon Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTVhT05acEE&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

Sakura, Sakura: Folk Music (Unknown Author)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AK51LblcEOw&ab_channel=52telecasterbob


Korea:
대한제국의 국가 (National Anthem of the Korean Empire): Franz Eckert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTSf8vFUtoY&ab_channel=Ingen

Drums of War: Kiner Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2U27pwd-9CI&ab_channel=Joahqu%C3%ADnMen%C3%A9ndez

Korean Festival: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8arG2jHm4H8&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

Mongolia:
Mongol Archers: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UO461IzJgGQ&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

Temujin: Adrian von Ziegler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xSS5rAO2RE&ab_channel=AdrianvonZiegler

Genghis Khan: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UO461IzJgGQ&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

In Praise of Genghis Khan: Batzorig Vaanchig
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=in+praise+of+genghis+khan

Polynesia:
- Polynesian Traditional Music: Folk Music (Unknown Author)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFm82XNlVkc&ab_channel=TheCultureSociety

- Battleship: Peter Crowley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG-aslM2-YA&ab_channel=PeterCrowley-Topic

- Waltzing Matilda: Banjo Patterson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yILM3L2sXM&ab_channel=Ingen


Siam:
Royal Thai Army March: Royal Thai Army Band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QWWNiYCSWU&ab_channel=TheMarches09

The Monk: Devesh Sodha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifsZe9qe3cg&ab_channel=DeveshSodha

Khao Yai: Brandon Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuhfdMu8OiQ&ab_channel=BrandonFiechter%27sMusic


Near East and India:
Arabia:
- Petra: Brandon Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv2duk5nTLM&ab_channel=BrandonFiechter%27sMusic

- Alibaba and the Forty Thieves: Brandon Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujLDDWorHow&ab_channel=BrandonFiechter%27sMusic

- Arabian Nights: Brandon Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jv0jf1TewcM&ab_channel=BrandonFiechter%27sMusic

- Anthem of the Royal Saudi Army: Armed Forces of Saudi Arabia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEph8Ki2TEM&t=2s&ab_channel=Danjori

Assyria:
- Assyrian Fortress: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYsGzWWCzfE&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

- The Abandoned City: World Music OFCL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8HH5I0mYO4&ab_channel=WorldMusicOFCL

- Welcome O' Battles of Fate: Ba'athist Iraq March (Author Unknown)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqusPIoTT_M&ab_channel=Invictus

- Quicksand: World Music OFCL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uqkhKNAqDM&ab_channel=WorldMusicOFCL

Babylon:
- Babylonia: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wxsh_8ZWgMg&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

- The Great Fortress: World Music OFCL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEhvMCR8K7Y&ab_channel=WorldMusicOFCL

- Golden Age - World Music OFCL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySoEE4FhBOA&ab_channel=WorldMusicOFCL

India:
- Serpentine Warriors: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-X48I8TuZE&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

- Vikramaditya: Brandon & Derek Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzbJzcjHaEc&ab_channel=Fantasy%26WorldMusicbytheFiechters

- Qadam Qadam Badhaaye Ja: Vijay Prakash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecMGhaq-7Hs&ab_channel=Ingen

- Martial Music Indian Army: Indian Military Bands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXUdkGB81Os&list=PLTYZgcIWQOOklc17e4CsyjtWYCnKnCO5C&index=1&ab_channel=TechnicalNo1

Ottoman Empire:
Toquz Oyuz - Farya Faraji
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXu5loryutM&ab_channel=FaryaFaraji

- Ceddin Deddin: Ottoman Military Band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXZMIC-Z-XA&ab_channel=%C3%9Cst%C3%A2dKem%C3%A2nke%C5%9F%F0%9F%8F%B9

- Istanbul: Brandon Fiechter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tpVJzQNBwU&ab_channel=BrandonFiechter%27sMusic

Persia:
- At the Gates of Babylon: Antti Martikainen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtYL5bnpVdg&ab_channel=AnttiMartikainenMusic

- Welcome to Persia: World Music OFCL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUztSbO0bMo&ab_channel=WorldMusicOFCL

- Barayie Vatan be pish: Iranian Military Band (Unknown Composer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tVHRo7TD98&ab_channel=Ingen

- Cyrus - Farya Faraji
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSDKg6LBd3c&ab_channel=FaryaFaraji

Africa and Native Americans:
Aztec:
Brazil:
Carthage:
Egypt:
Ethopia:
Iroqouis:
Shoshone:
Songhai:
Zulu: